Include `package` and `manifest-path` in the cache key (#38)
obi1kenobi/cargo-semver-checks-action: README.md

- name: Publish my-crate to crates.io
  run: # your `cargo publish` code here
```

# Customizing baseline rustdoc caching strategy

The action caches the baseline rustdoc for each package in the workspace. The keys used to distinguish the caches consist of four components:

 - `prefix-key` input, which defaults to an empty string,

>  - `shared-key` input if provided, otherwise a concatenation of the value of environmental variable `GITHUB_JOB`, the value of `package` and the hash of `manifest-path`,

Reviewer: Just a suggested clarification, to avoid confusion and ambiguity.
```suggestion
 - `shared-key` input if provided, otherwise a concatenation of the value of environmental variable `GITHUB_JOB`, the value of `package` and the hashed value of the `manifest-path` variable (not the file it points to),
```

Author: I like it, it's definitely more clear now ;)
